DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
DON'T TOY WITH ME, MISS NAGATORO
Has Spring Come Even for You, the Unpopular Loner Louse Senpai?
Uh-huh.
Hmm...
Well, well...
I have so much to say about this...
But I think they turned out pretty well, huh?
Such a lovely aura.
Lovely!
What's the concept?
A-A day in Nagatoro's life, I guess.
Man, this is such a...
boyfriend's perspective?
Disgustingly sweet!
N-No!
I just thought I could make some good art
if I could draw Nagatoro's daily life.
Hey, it was a pretty good effort,
coming from you.
Although it has creepy virgin vibes.
Stop it!
Yeah?
So, the problem now...
Is the president's picture.
All right.
It doesn't sound like she's there.
Let's go gather intel.
Recon!
Let's go!
Pardon us.
Is she not here?
Nope.
Huh? Aren't you going, Senpai?
N-No, I...
I don't want to see her amazing art
and become demoralized.
You're so negative.
Don't worry, though.
She might be the queen of the lewds,
but you can still beat her.
I modeled hard, after all.
I hope you're right.
Toro-chan, hurry up.
Okay.
Leave the loser behind.
So, where is it?
Where is it?
Is this it?
Let's see.
Hayacchi!
R-Retreat!
Hayacchi's down!
Killed in action!
Nagatoro!
Breast violence.
The last one was insane,
but this one's doubly insane.
Seriously?
The queen of lewds has become
the demon queen of lewds!
Cackle, cackle!
It's not funny!
Sorry.
We need to come up with a solution.
All right.
Let's do this.
Hayacchi strips down for the team, too.
No, again, I don't need that.
Indeed.
Fighting might with might and lewds with
lewds can only bring about more misery.
What do we do, then?
If she's going to use her naughty bits,
we have to take advantage
of her weak bits, too.
Er, you don't have to do anything too crazy.
This is...
between Nagatoro and me.
Yeah, you're right.
This is our problem.
Come on. Don't be like that.
We'll produce something awesome for you.
There.
It's done.
Kazehaya High School Culture Festival
How is your piece coming along?
I th-think it's turning out well.
I see.
I'm not holding back,
even against my underclassman.
Hit me with a soulful work of passion.
R-Right.
What she says is impressive,
but she's always so dramatic.
P-President?
What is it?
Wh-What's that strap?
Oh, this?
It seems to be trendy in class.
Someone gave me their extra.
What are those girls doing?
Come to think of it,
this looks like that cat-ear girl.
Kazehaya High School Culture Festival
65th
The theme is oppression and liberty.
Class 1-6
Find the Person
Unnun-ya
I have used the human figure as my motif.
It is an eternal theme that I will
endlessly pursue as an artist.
It's one that can never be avoided.
I'd like for many people to see it.
Thank you very much!
She's so amazing.
Let's speak to the second art club, as well.
She's so well-spoken, even
in front of the camera.
A word of encouragement for
the culture festival, please.
Huh? Er...
Oh, um, uh... My th-theme is...
I'm just hoping to express the charm
of the girl who m-modeled for me.
I see, I see.
Thank you very much!
I can't.
That concludes our interviews
with the art club.
I can't talk properly.
Hold it!
Torocat Two!
Torocat Three!
Torocat One.
What's this? It's the Torocats that
everyone has been talking about!
Come on!
Dance! Dance!
I'mma toy with you.
It's the Toying With You Dance
that's taken the school by storm!
Frankfurters
Pancakes
Rumor has it that many wish to
be toyed with by the Torocats.
Why have they emerged here?
Fortune
Telling
The Torocats are here?
Huh?
So cute!
The outfit's so well-made.
I'mma toy with you.
All right, let's move on to the next phase.
Go, go.
Fine, fine.
Meow'sup?
She's over here.
M-Meow'sup?
We're holding an art exhibition here today.
Oh, really?
Just come check it out.
Well?
Don't you think they're awesome?
They're pretty awesome!
They're so cute.
I'd love to go out with her.
Now! Mess with them!
Action!
Uh-huh.
What do you mean, "uh-huh"?
Don't underestimate the Torocats!
Don't!
Action!
Gross, you'd date that? You creep.
You're so creepy.
I want to, too.
Creep, creep, creep, creep....
Stop it!
So there we have it.
If you'd like to be toyed with,
come to the second art room.
Oh, damn...
Is this even okay?
It's so powerful.
Hot.
So cute!
I'd love to date her.
The president's still getting more traffic.
Come on! Come check it out.
Come on.
Come check it out.
But I think I'm faring better than I hoped,
thanks to Nagatoro and the others.
Toy with me, Torocat!
Your haircut's gross.
Maybe I'll shave it off, then.
Gross! Gross! Gross!
Um...
Are you with this art club?
Huh?
Y-Yes.
Did you draw all these yourself?
Y-Yeah, I guess.
Wow!
You're so good at drawing!
Nah, not really.
Teach me how to draw sometime.
S-Sure, I guess.
Really? I can't wait!
Teach me, too.
Paisen, Hayacchi, go have lunch.
I don't think we should
leave right now, though.
Don't worry about it.
Torocats Two and Three will handle things
while Torocat One is gone.
Right?
Yup, yup.
You'll do better work if you take
some breaks every now and then.
I had him take my spot because it's so hot.
Um, thank you—
Damn it! You should have told me!
I held this guy's shoulder!
W-Want to go grab lunch?
O-Okay.
Photography Club
Literature Club
Book Reading
Fortune-Telling
Performance
Good for you.
You got a lot of attention from the girls.
What?
Has spring come for you,
the unpopular loner louse senpai?
What do you mean, "spring"?
Who do you think you are?
Creep.
I got a lot of compliments.
But that was because the
paintings turned out well.
And that's because you modeled for me.
Are you trying to kiss up to me?
No!
That's not it.
It wouldn't have turned out like
this if I'd done it by myself.
Thanks.
Stop being so gross.
You creep.
Jeez.
Senpai.
All right, let's wrap up the
rest of the day, Senpai!
Y-Yeah.
You need to be more enthusiastic.
You're going to...
Don't touch my piece!
Please come to the student guidance office.
Er...
Student Guidance Office
I've received permission for the exhibit.
Did You Hear Her Talk About Love, Senpai?
This is tyranny!
We said we would decide depending on
the response on the day of the event.
This may be art, but we are at school.
Moral order!
I consider myself an artist.
I'm ready to fight for the
right to free expression.
I think this means we win.
That was kind of anti-climactic.
Victory without battle!
In any case, we forbid you to display
your piece during the culture festival.
H-Hold on a second!
What do you want?
Why?
What's wrong with the president's piece?
It was fine last year.
We received a report that she was using it
to play with the male students' lust.
We can't allow that to happen.
B-But...
Enough.
It just means my art didn't have the
power to sway the viewers' hearts.
That's not true!
I-I'm always struggling to figure out how
make art the way you do, what I should draw.
B-But that's how I came to realize that
what I really want to draw, deep down,
is Nagatoro.
Just what is your point?
Oh, er, um... Well...
You're up. Go help him out.
Hey!
I don't know anything about art,
but even as a woman, I think it's pretty.
That's an entirely subjective opinion.
It doesn't mean anything.
Yoshi.
U-Um...
Th-There were some people who were
looking at it with sketchy eyes,
but there were lots who took it seriously, too.
It's...
uh... amazing.
Whew...
It's not looking too good
for the president, is it?
That discipline committee president
seemed pretty stubborn.
Sh-She's coming!
Looks like it didn't go well.
President...
I was allowed to continue the exhibit
on the condition that I gather a survey
of the viewers and produce a report.
I appreciate your support.
N-No, it was nothing.
We were just doing the right thing.
Although, you know...
We win now, right?
Right?
You were disqualified from the competition.
Club Termination Form
We hereby declare this club terminated for the reasons given below.
I'll take back shutting down the club.
I'll talk to the student council.
Victory!
That's fine by me.
Th-Thank you!
It's not over yet.
There has to be a penalty for you.
Shave her bald!
No, it's okay!
You don't need to do that.
Stay out of this, Senpai!
Indeed.
That would only be fair.
Thanks for being so understanding, President.
What should your punishment be?
Kazehaya High School Culture Festival
Nagatoro?
Did you forget something?
Wh-Wh-Why are you dressed like that?!
This is the fate of the defeated.
Torocat
Straps
300 yen/apiece
I was forced to sell cat-ear merch.
Those girls...
Although...
This is humiliating, but it's
also a new form of oppression.
It stimulates my creative desire.
This may bring me unprecedented deliverance.
Just get changed already!
You're going to cause problems again!
You're right.
Wh-What are you doing?!
Man, we sold out.
We made a killing.
We should have made more.
Although that was never our original goal.
I'm going to go walk around.
Say hi to Paisen for me!
Say hi!
See you later.
Don't do that here!
I don't mind.
No, that's not the problem.
Senpai?
Where do you think you're undressing,
you bunny girl witch!
I was kidding.
Don't touch my glasses.
It is a little clumsy at times,
but every piece has a definite passion.
I like them.
She's complimenting you, Senpai.
Y-Yeah.
And more than anything...
There's love.
L-L-Love?! But...
They say, "Never underestimate a man you
haven't seen for more than three days."
You gave them your love?!
No, I-I mean...
Love isn't...
You don't have love?
You don't?
The closing ceremony concert
will be held at the auditorium.
Please invite everyone and come to the venue.
A concert, huh?
I repeat...
That sounds fun.
The closing ceremony concert
will be held at the auditorium.
Please invite everyone and come to the venue.
W-Want to go check it out, then?
What did you say just now?
You're too mumbly. I couldn't hear.
I-I said, l-let's go together.
You're going to miss the concert!
There are going to be lots of hot guys.
Let's party night!
Let's go, Senpai.
Yeah.
Time for your obligatory reward.
Close your eyes, please.
Hurry up.
Bleah!